add to rust walkthroughs - video on rust tracing and OTel (#5511)
rust-lang/this-week-in-rust: draft/2024-05-15-this-week-in-rust.md

### Rust Walkthroughs

> * [video] [Build with Naz : tokio tracing & OTel and how to use it in Rust](https://youtu.be/Wf8JrLgBuKI)

Reviewer: Expand URL
```suggestion
* [video] [Build with Naz : tokio tracing & OTel and how to use it in Rust](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wf8JrLgBuKI)
```
